1. 
I'm pleased to introduce today's keynote speaker 
Dr. Army Wilson. She has been a psychologist for more
than 30 years and she is the author of many bestselling books 
in the field. Dr.Wilson credits her success to hard work, 
supportive family and a bit of luck. Without further delay, please
welcome Dr. Wilson to the stage.

1. phát âm
- psychologist: /saɪˈkɒl.ə.dʒɪst/ (Nhà tâm lý học)
- stage: /steɪdʒ/
- author: /ˈɔː.θər/ (tác giả)
- credits: trường hợp này sẽ mang nghĩa (ghi nhận)

2. Trọng âm 
nhấn trọng âm từ, câu

3. Ngắt nghỉ như mấy đề trước

4. ngữ điệu đúng

2. 
Welcome to Sanford Supermarket. Today only, you'll get a 50%
discount on all fruits and vegetables. Also, don't forget to visit 
our new bakery section. There is a variety of fresh bread, cookies
and pastries for you to choose from. Have a great time and thank
you for shopping with us!

1. Phát âm
- bakery: /ˈbeɪ.kər.i/
- pastries: /ˈpeɪ.stri/
- vegetable: /ˈvedʒ.tə.bəl/

2. Trọng âm 
nhấn trọng âm từ, câu

3. Ngắt nghỉ như mấy đề trước

4. ngữ điệu đúng

3. 
This picture was taken in the forest/ at a camping site.
There are 2 people in this picture.
Both of them are holding hands and smiling. 
They are wearing plaid shirt.
In the middle, a man is looking at a woman. 
Next to him, The woman is looking at the sky. 
In the background, I can see a tourist car and many trees.

4. 
This picture was taken in the office.
There are two people in this picture. 
Both of them are wearing uniform/ masks. 
On the right, the woman is wipping the table/ holding a spray bottle.
On the left, The other woman is mopping/ cleaning the floor.

Around them, There is various furniture.


5. What was the last piece of furniture you bought, 
and where did you buy it?
 
- I bought a table  at the supermarket. 
I wanted to give it to my mother on her birthday.

6. when you want to buy new furniture, do you visit
one store or several stores?
- I often visit several stores.
This is because it allows me to compare many things such as 
prices and features.

7. Do you prefer to buy furniture online or in a store?

I prefer to buy furniture online. 

First, it saves time. This is because i don't have 
to go to the store. 
//I need to order furniture through one click on a phone.


Second, it helps me save money. Online stores usually offer 
customers discounts.

For these reasons, buying furniture online is the best choice for me.

8. Where will the orientation be held and what time will it start?

- It will be held at Meeting Room A and it will start at 9:00 AM.

9. I heard that there will be a tour of Editorial Department 
during the orientation. Is that right?

Actuall, no. The Editorial Department has been rescheduled to Wednesday.

10. Could you give me the details of the sessions after lunch?

There are two sessions after lunch.
The first session is a presentation on making the most of the 
internsehip at 1 PM. It will be given by Mary Janes, the managing editor.

The second session is a tour of the printing department.
It will be held by Ken Thompson, a reporter of the company.

11. What are some advantages of living in a big city?

There are several advantages of living in a big city.

First, there are many job opportunities. This is because many
companies are located in a big city.

Second, it's good for children. This is because a big city often
has many good schools.

Let me tell you my story. I was born and grew up in a village. 
After graduating from high school, i had to move to a big city
to find study opportunities. 

For these reasons, I think living in a big city is the best choice for me.
