1. 
CÁCH 1: The woman is playing the guitar in her house.
CÁCH 2: A woman sitting in a sofa is playing the guitar.
=== giải thích cách 2: a woman who is sitting in a sofa ...
=== đó sử dụng mệnh đề quan hệ nhưng dạng rút gọn

2. 
// bởi vì xe đạp đứng yên nên parked, không phải là parking
CÁCH 1: The bicycle is parked near the picnic.

// park trong trường hợp này là công viên 
// nhớ a/the picnic chứ không quên ghi picnic không thì sai
CÁCH 2: There are three women having a picnic in the park.


3. 
        CẤU TRÚC : S1 + V1 + While + S2 + V2
                    S + V1 + While + V2-ing

CÁCH 1: A woman is listening to music while running in the forest/ park.

4. 
+ gasoline: xăng
= Cấu trúc: to fill one's car with gas/petrol/gasoline
CÁCH 1: A man is filling his car with gasoline.
CÁCH 2: A car is being filled with petrol by a man.

5. 

CÁCH 1: The woman is talking on her phone and pushing a baby stroller.
CÁCH 2: The woman is pushing a baby stroller while having a phone call.
CÁCH 3: The woman is pushing a baby stroller in the park.

6. EMAIL

Đề: 
 
FROM: Jack Thomas
TO: Lisa Rose
SUBJECT: Dinner with Akira on Friday
SENT: October 3, 11:20AM

Hi Lisa, 

Could you please book a table at a Japanese restaurant for me and 2 people from Akira Corporation? 
We will go straight to the place after our meeting which should finish
by 5 PM on Friday.

Thanks,
Jack

Directions: Respond to the email as if you are Lisa Rose, Mr. Thomas's personal assistant. 
In your email, provide THREE pieces of information.


Trả lời:

Dear Jack Thomas,
I am writting in response to your email dated October 3th
about your dinner with Akira on Friday.

-- INFORMATION 1
- I have booked a table for 3 people at 6PM at Yaki restaurant.

-- INFORMATION 2
- This restaurant is located at 23 Spring street.

-- INFORMATION 3
- In addition, The reservation is made under the name of Mr. Thomas.

Please let me know if you need anything else.

Best regards, 
Lisa Rose


7. Email

Đề:

FROM: Mary Janes 
TO: Camera Talk Company's Customer Service Center
SUBJECT: Lost Instruction Manual
SENT: June 10th, 11:20AM

I purchases your camera two months ago. I love it, but I lost the 
instructions so I can't use it. What can I do to get another 
instruction manual? My brother's graduation is next week, and my 
family will be there. I need to know how to use this camera 
as soon as possible.

Directions: Respond to the email as if you are an employee of the 
Customer Service Center. In your email, give TWO methods for finding 
the instruction manual and make ONE request for information.


Answer:

Dear Mary Janes,

My name is Thinh Lam, I am writting in respond to your email 
dated June 10th at 11:20AM about your lost instruction manual.

There are 2 ways to get another instructional manual.
-- METHOD 1
- First, you can download it instantly on our website.

-- METHOD 2
- Second/ Alternatively(Hoặc là),  We would send you a new manual by post(qua con đường bưu điện).

-- REQUEST 
- If you choose the latter(Cách sau), could you please let us know your address?

Please let us know if you have any further questions./
We are looking forward to hearing from you soon.

Best Regards,
Thinh Lam


8. ESSAYS
(30 phút)

Đề:
Do you agree that going to a live concert is more enjoyable than 
watching it at home?

Give reasons or examples to supporst your opinion.

Answer:

Nói dẫn dắt vào rồi mình mới đồng ý hay không.

Some people say that attending a live concert is preferable to
watching it at home. Personally, I disagree with this statement and 
there are some reasons to support my opinion.

Ba phần thân bài nhỏ để dài đủ độ dài yêu cầu trong Đề

- To begin with, watching a live concert at home helps me save time. 
This is because i don't have to spend time travelling to the place
and parking my car. All i have to do is turn on the television, 
sit back and enjoy myself. Last year, i went to a live concert.
It took me one hour to get to the stadium where the concert was held.
In addition, it's was very hard to find a place to park so i wasted 
another hour. Eventually, when the concert began, I was too tired to
enjoy it.

- Second, watching a live performance at home helps me save money.
This is because i don't have to pay for tickets and parking. 
I already own a television so it doesn't cost me anything 
to watch concerts at home. I have a friend who is a big fan of
a Korean boyband. She attended all of the live concerts of this band.
As a result, she is always broke and often borrows money from
her friends to pay for her rent. I think this is not a good way to 
spend money.

- Third, watching live events at home is more comfortable. 
This is because i can wear any clothes that i want. I can sit wherever
i want. However, i can't do those thins if i attend these events.
In the past, every time i went to live concert, i had to stand during 
whole performance because all the good seats with good views had been 
taken. Now, because I stay at home, I don't have to stand anymore.


-  Kết bài
In conclusion, I disagree that going to a live concert is more fun 
than watching at home. However, choosing to do the former or latter
will depend on each person's personality and preference.

