link youtube: https://youtu.be/3odvto5SASY?si=LqXOxBjTBZJHlUdo

1. While/ umbrella

- The woman is holding an umbrella while
walking her dog in the rain.

2. table / write

- The woman is sitting at the table and writing in a notebook.

3. cashier / pay

- The woman is paying her bill to the cashier.
- A cashier is helping a customer pay a bill.
- The customer is giving a card to a cashier
     in order to pay the bill.

4. near / stall 

- A woman and a child are standing near a stall(Quầy hàng).
- A woman and a boy are choosing fruits near the stall 
        in the supermarket.

5. person / train

- A person is standing on the platform at the train station.
- There are some people waiting for the train to arrive.
- People are watching a train arrive.

Wait for + sb/sth + TO V

6. EMAIL

FROM: Linda Moore 
TO: Wear21
SUBJECT: Wrong order 
SENT: September 19, 10:07 p.Moore

Hi, 

I bought a red dress from your website last Friday. However, 
today I received a T-shirt instead. I think you mistook my order
for someone else's. What should I do to receive the correct order?

Thanks, 
Linda

Directions: Respond to the email as if you are a customer service 
representative of the clothes shop. In your email, give ONE
piece of information and ask TWO questions.

Dear Linda Moore, 
My name is Thinh Lam, and i am a customer service representative.
I am writing in response to your email 
dated September 19 regarding your incorrect order.

I apologize for the mistake. Could you please let me know
the order number or product code for the red dress you purchased? 
Additionally, would it be possible for you to sent me a photo of 
T-shirt you received to help us verify the error?
You can find more information about returning items and tracking
your correct order on our application.

Best regards,
Thinh Lam
            
            
        
        Các cấu trúc cần học thêm: 
// Could you please provide ...
// Would it be posible for you to.... you received .... to ...
// to offer + sb + số phần trăm % + discount + on + N
// we truly apologize and appreciate your understanding.
// if you need further assistance, please don't hesitate to 
// contact us.


        TỪ VỰNG
// returning items: trả những món hàng
// tracking your correct order: theo dõi hàng đúng của bạn

7. EMAIL
FROM: Tom Smith
TO: Peter Scott
SUBJECT: Your company brochure
SENT: November 10, 8:20 a.m

Hi Peter, 
When i visited your office last week, I noticed your company 
brochure on your desk, and i must say, i really liked it. 
I intend to make one for my business, so if possible, can i know
which company made that brochure for you?

Thanks and have a nice day, 
Tom

Directions: Respond to the email as if you are Peter Scott. In 
your email, give THREE pieces of information.

Hello Tom Smith, 
    
I'm writing in reponse to your email 
dated November 10 regarding your company brochure.

I am glad to hear that you liked my company brochure and i am 
happy to provide you with the information you are seeking.
The company which made my company brochure is EZ Design.
They have been in the industry for only 2 years. However, 
their attention(Sự chú ý của họ) to detail, creative approach( cách tiếp cận sáng tạo), 
and sincere desire(mong muốn chân thành)
to help customers convinced me to choose them over established 
companies.

I have attached the contact information of EZ Design for your 
information.

Let me know if you have any questions.

Best, 
Peter


8. 
Do you agree or disagree with the following statement: When 
having many tasks at the same time, it is better to do the 
difficult ones first?

Use specific reasons or examples to support your opinion.

Answer:

When halidng multiple tasks at the same time, some people think that 
do the difficult ones first is better. However, there are others
believe the easy one should be prioritized. Personally, I 
strongly agree with the latter and there are some reasons to
support my opinion.

First, it helps me save time. This is because i can solve 
the easy problems quickly to spend time to handle hard issues
after. I don't have to meet pressure when i deal with it. 
Last month, when i had met error in my computer. I need to 
deal with issues quickly but i don't forget to divide task 
and task classifications. There are two problems after divide 
hard ones and easy ones. I spent time to solve easy ones before 
i deal with other ones. I don't have to worry about multiple task 
to complete focus on difficult ones. 

Second, starting with the easy one allows me reduce stress. 
This is because it helps me increase motivation after i complete 
a easy task. 2 years ago, i have done national high school exam.
At the begginer, i spend 5 minutes to solve 20 questions in limit 
time. I praticed a lot of questions before i went to exam room. 
It help me a lot of time to handle next questions. I had a lot of 
time i didn't scared about time problems.



For these reasons, i believe that solving easy ones first is better
choice for me.